Savings by age: how much should you have by 30, 40, 50 & 60?
How do your savings compare?
With over 50 years' experience, we know the difference. One is about today, the other is about the future you're building.
Open an accountOur customers trust us with over £40 billion of investments, supported by our UK and Ireland-based customer service teams.
We've helped people just like you invest with confidence and build a more secure financial future since 1969.
We’ve been a Which? Recommended Provider for Self-Invested Personal Pensions for six years in a row.
Important information - investing over 5+ years can increase your chances of a better return than cash savings. But, unlike cash, investing isn’t risk-free so you may get back less money than you invest.
Freya provides instant answers to your general investing questions. It can also help you understand our products and services, and support you as you manage your accounts. Look out for the chat icon on pages to start your conversation.
Our help and support page also has more ways to get help.
Important information - this information and our tools are not a personal recommendation for a specific investment. You must ensure that the fund you choose is suitable for your individual circumstances and remains so over time. Seek advice if you're unsure.
A new way to open a stocks and shares ISA with Fidelity, that takes the hard work out of investing.
How do your savings compare?
The little-known catch you need to watch out for
*Source: Fidelity, as at 30.06.26
In this section
Investing in mutual funds
Invest in mutual funds from leading providers and top fund managers—whatever your investment strategy may be.
Find a fund
Our investment finder lets you sort, filter and compare a wide range of funds and individual shares from Fidelity and other providers.
Find a fundTransfer my investments
Transfer your ISAs, pensions and other investments to manage them quickly and easily in one place.
Transfer my investmentsRemember, the value of investments and the income from them can go down as well as up, so you may get back less than you invest.
Fidelity Personal Investing service fee
Our pricing is clearly set out, so you know exactly what you pay for and when you pay it.
-
If you have between £25,000 and £250,000 invested with us, you will pay our standard service fee of 0.35%
-
If you have more than £250,000 invested, you will benefit from our lower service fee of 0.20%. We do not charge you a service fee on any investments above £1 million.
-
If you have less than £25,000 invested, you will pay a flat-rate fee of £90 a year, that’s only £7.50 a month. However, if you set up a regular savings plan, you will be eligible for our standard service fee of 0.35%.
-
There is no service fee on junior accounts, or on exchange-traded investments held in an Investment Account.
There are also charges set by the company managing any funds you own and charges related to share dealing. For a comprehensive view of our fees and charges please visit our fees and charges pages.
Why choose Fidelity
Trusted
Clear
Markets & insights
ISA ideas: low-cost index tracker fund options
Get access to the world’s most exciting companies at a low cost
Oliver Griffin
Fidelity International
03 August 2026
UK stock market investing: 5 British ISA fund ideas
Is it time to buy British?
Jemma Slingo
Fidelity International
30 July 2026
Top 10 best-selling Junior ISA funds of 2026
Ideas to help fund your child’s future
Jemma Slingo
Fidelity International
23 July 2026
Policies and important information
Accessibility | Conflicts of interest statement | Consumer Duty Target Market | Consumer Duty Value Assessment Statement | Cookie policy | Diversity, Equity & Inclusion | Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Reports | Doing Business with Fidelity | Investing in Fidelity funds | Legal information | Modern slavery | Mutual respect policy | Privacy statement | Remuneration policy | Staying secure | Statutory and Regulatory disclosures | Whistleblowing programme
Please remember that past performance is not necessarily a guide to future performance, the performance of investments is not guaranteed, and the value of your investments can go down as well as up, so you may get back less than you invest. When investments have particular tax features, these will depend on your personal circumstances and tax rules may change in the future. This website does not contain any personal recommendations for a particular course of action, service or product. You should regularly review your investment objectives and choices and, if you are unsure whether an investment is suitable for you, you should contact an authorised financial adviser. Before opening an account, please read the ‘Doing Business with Fidelity’ document which incorporates our client terms. Prior to investing into a fund, please read the relevant key information document or Product Summary document which contains important information about the fund.
This website is issued by Financial Administration Services Limited, which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) (FCA Register number 122169) and registered in England and Wales under company number 1629709 whose registered address is Beech Gate, Millfield Lane, Lower Kingswood, Tadworth, Surrey, KT20 6RP.
About Fidelity International
At Fidelity International, our purpose is to work together to build better financial futures for our clients and we believe that investing, over the long-term, is critical to achieving that. As a family and management-owned company, we think generationally in terms of the services we build and provide, as well as the way in which we invest on our clients’ behalf.
Our focus is on delivering sustainable investment returns for our clients, while managing our impact on society and the environment. To do this, we incorporate sustainability into our business operations and our investment process, working with investee companies to help them operate more sustainably in order to deliver those long-term returns and secure a better future for all.
Global Platform Solutions
Giving people the power to get and stay in great financial health throughout every stage of their lives, right the way through until retirement.
Our Global Platform Solutions business is present in several markets around the world. Although our services differ from market to market, we can provide individuals, advisers and employers with access to world-class investment choices, third-party solutions, administration services and pension guidance.
For individual investors and their advisers, we provide guidance to help them invest in a simple and cost-effective way, through best-in-class products from across the market, combined with relevant experience and expertise.
For employers, we provide workplace pension administration services on top, or independently of investment management, helping them to support their own employees to feel financially secure and in control.
Investment Solutions and Services
Providing the best and most innovative investment services and products to suit any need and desired outcome.
Our Investment Solutions and Services business offers a broad range of innovative solutions and services across asset classes to meet our clients varied and evolving needs. These include equities, fixed income, multi asset and real estate - covering active, passive, systematic and factor-based investment styles, as well as specific sustainable strategies.
Wherever in the world we are investing, our success is underpinned by our deep commitment to proprietary research. Being able to connect our teams in real-time across the globe creates a consistent and sustainable investment platform which acts on intelligent insight.
This leverages all of the powerful elements of our global capabilities - including company access, regional and sector collaboration, as well as asset class expertise - with the aim of delivering superior returns and meeting our clients’ objectives.
Our purpose is to work together to build better financial futures. This highlights the importance of collaboration to our business - working together as colleagues and in partnership with our stakeholders - and underlines our focus on sustainable long-term outcomes, while considering our impact on society and the environment.
For this reason, sustainability is incorporated into our investment process, but also in our own business operations.
Investing ideas
Markets & insights
Important information: The value of investments can go down as well as up so you may get back less than you invest. Investors should note that the views expressed may no longer be current and may have already been acted upon.
Markets and shares data
Learn
Investment Outlook
Investing ideas
ISA ideas: low-cost index tracker fund options
Get access to the world’s most exciting companies at a low cost
5 stocks to watch in August
A roundup of some of the stocks set to make the headlines
Personal finance
Savings by age: how much should you have by 30, 40, 50 & 60?
How do your savings compare?
When the IHT 7-year rule becomes a 14-year rule
The little-known catch you need to watch out for
Markets
6 reasons the FTSE 100 hit a new record high this week
Why the London market has avoided the volatility in global markets
Ask Fidelity
ISA changes - your most popular questions answered
Be ready for the April 2027 ISAs changes
Can you pay into a Junior ISA and an adult ISA in the same year?
Junior ISA allowance explained
Will my daughter’s wedding reduce my IHT bill?
Understand the IHT rules for wedding gifts and supplier payments
Other topics of interest
Ask us a question
Each month we’ll pick up on your most popular questions and answer them. We’re keen to hear about what matters to you, so do drop us a line.