Banking & Beyond
This is your bank, redefined. Get powerful daily banking and global freedom. Sign up for free in a tap.
Your salary, reimagined
Spend smartly, send quickly, sort your salary automatically, and watch your savings grow — all with a Revolut bank account.
Move your salaryJoin 75+ million customers worldwide and 13 million in the UK
Life, meets savings
Grow your money with up to 4% AER (variable) interest on Instant Access Savings, paid every day.¹The rate shown above is for our Ultra plan. Different rates apply per plan. The Annual Equivalent Rate (AER) shows the interest you can earn over 1 year. AER is compounded, so you’ll earn interest on interest already earned. Interest is liable to applicable taxes. Paid plan fees and T&Cs apply.Explore SavingsElevate your spend
Earn points on your purchases with one of our debit cards. Then redeem them for Airline Miles and other rewards. RevPoints T&Cs apply.Some cards available on paid plans only. Fees may apply.Start earningAsk, and AIR makes it happen
AI by Revolut, AIR, is your 24/7 personal assistant. Just open your app, swipe, and ask away.
Learn moreYour money’s safe space
With Revolut Secure, you’re entering the new era of money security — where your bank account has 24/7 protection through proactive, purpose-built defences and a team of specialists.
Learn moreExplore 5,000+ stocks and ETFs
From Apple to Zoom, invest in some of the biggest and most influential companies in the world, commission-free within your monthly allowance.²
Other fees may apply. Capital at risk.
Try it outJoin the 75+ million using Revolut
¹The Annual Equivalent Rate (AER) shows the interest you can earn over 1 year. AER is compounded, so you’ll earn interest on interest already earned. Rates depend on your plan type and savings' currency. Paid plan subscription fees and T&Cs apply. Please refer to the Instant Access Savings T&Cs and our partner T&Cs. For Ultra Plan: Interest is paid at 4% AER (variable) on balances below £200,000, and 3.51% AER (variable) on balances above £200,000. A blended rate applies when your balance exceeds £200,000.
²INVESTMENT SERVICES: capital at risk.
Revolut Trading Ltd provides a non-advised execution-only service in shares. Revolut Trading Ltd does not provide investment advice or personal recommendations. You, as an individual investor, must make your own decisions, seeking independent professional advice if you are unsure as to the suitability or appropriateness of any investment for your individual circumstances or needs.
The value of investments can go up as well as down and you may receive less than your original investment or lose the value of your entire initial investment. Past performance and forecasts are not reliable indicators of future results. Currency rate fluctuations can adversely impact the overall returns on your original investment. Any trades outside of your monthly allowance are charged at 0.25% of the order amount if you are a Standard, Plus, Premium, or Metal customer, or at 0.12% of the order amount if you are an Ultra/Trading Pro customer. Read more on these fees. Further information about the investment service provided by Revolut Trading Ltd can be found in the Terms of Business, Risk Disclosure, and Invest FAQs.
The registered address of Revolut Ltd, Revolut Travel Ltd, and Revolut Trading Ltd is at 30 South Colonnade, London, United Kingdom, E14 5HX. You can read more about our terms and policies here.
Stocks & Shares ISA
Tax-efficient investing
Unlock the full potential of your money with our Stocks & Shares ISA. Invest up to £20,000 each tax year, free from UK income and capital gains tax.
Capital at risk. Other fees may apply. Information and content in this page is for UK residents only.
- Open a Stocks & Shares ISA- Opening your Revolut S&S ISA is simple, in-app, and without subscription fees.
- Choose your investments- Pick from 4,000+ stocks and ETFs. Invest on your terms with low fees.
- Build wealth flexibly- Withdraw and redeposit within the same tax year without affecting your annual £20,000 limit.
Low fees & no monthly subscription
Our Stocks & Shares ISA has no monthly subscription cost, and low fees. Compare our pricing below:
Stocks & Shares ISA
Monthly fee
Fractional shares
Monthly commission-free stock or ETF trades
US stocks per order
EU stocks per order
UK stocks per order
ETF per order
Currency exchange conversion
Important information:
This comparison table is for illustrative purposes only and is based on publicly available information published by other Stocks & Shares ISA providers as of 14 October 2025. You should visit their websites for confirmation of their most updated costs and charges.
The comparison table and data contained within it represents a simplified overview where it is assumed that the customer selects the standard, basic, or default plan of each provider. In the case of Revolut, this would be the Revolut Standard plan. Please note that fees and features may vary based on subscription tiers, trade volumes, or account balances.
Please note that actual charges and services offered may change and vary depending on individual circumstances. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, we recommend visiting each provider’s official website.
This table and the information provided herein are not intended to constitute legal, regulatory, or tax advice. Revolut Trading Ltd does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of the information provided within it.
4,000+ Stocks & ETFs
Explore UK, US, and EEA stocks, fractional shares, and ETFs — from tech titans to global funds — and build a Stocks & Shares ISA portfolio that aligns with you and your values.
Asset performance displayed is for illustrative purposes only
Learn moreYour money, when you need it.
Our Stocks & Shares ISA is fully flexible, meaning you can withdraw and redeposit within the same tax year — without affecting your £20,000 limit.
Open an S&S ISACommission-free allowance on every plan
Everyone gets at least 1 commission-free order or ETF trade every month. Upgrade your plan for more.
- Plus- £3.99 per month - Get 3 commission-free stock or ETF orders every month.
- Premium- £7.99 per month - Get 5 commission-free stock or ETF orders every month.
- Metal- £14.99 per month - Get 10 commission-free stock or ETF orders every month.
- Ultra- £55 per month - Get 10 commission-free stock or ETF orders every month.
FAQs
- Stocks & Shares ISAs offer a tax-efficient method for investing. With Revolut's Stocks and Shares ISA, you can invest in the shares and exchange-traded funds (ETFs) available in-app. A key benefit of a stocks and shares ISA is that any interest or income you earn are not subject to income tax or capital gains tax in the UK.
- ISA flexibility determines whether withdrawals from your ISA impact your annual allowance. A flexible ISA allows you to withdraw funds and deposit them into the Stocks & Shares ISA within the same tax year, without reducing your annual ISA annual allowance. - For example, if you deposit £15,000, withdraw the same amount, and redeposit it, your remaining allowance is still £5,000. The allowance is based on net deposits per tax year (total deposits minus withdrawals). Withdrawals must be carried out within the same tax year to maintain the allowance.
- There are no custody fees
- There are no subscription fees for maintaining a Stocks & Shares ISA
- We don’t charge any fees for transfers from your Stocks & Shares ISA
- You can read more about general trading fees in this FAQ.
- With a Revolut Stocks & Shares ISA, you can invest in shares and exchange-traded funds (ETFs) available under the ‘Invest’ tab in-app.
- If you're new to investing with Revolut, you can open a Stocks & Shares ISA in your Revolut app: - Go to 'Invest' on the bottom menu
- Select 'Start investing'
- Choose ‘Stocks & Shares ISA’
- Any orders outside your monthly allowance will be subject to a commission fee. This will be 0.25% of the order amount if you're a Standard, Plus, Premium, or Metal customer, or 0.12% of the order amount if you're an Ultra customer. There are no minimum fees.
Join the millions investing globally with Revolut
Start building your wealth — sign up today and join millions of customers on their investment journeys with Revolut.
Your capital is at risk.
Revolut Trading Ltd provides a non-advised execution-only investment service. Revolut Trading Ltd does not provide investment advice or personal recommendations. You, as an individual investor, must make your own decisions, seeking independent professional advice if you are unsure as to the suitability or appropriateness of any investment for your individual circumstances or needs.
The value of investments can go up as well as down and you may receive less than your original investment or lose the value of your entire initial investment. Past performance and forecasts are not reliable indicators of future results. Currency rate fluctuations can adversely impact the overall returns on your original investment.
Any trades outside of your monthly allowance are charged at 0.25% of the order amount if you are a Standard, Plus, Premium or Metal customer, or at 0.12% of the order amount if you are an Ultra/Trading Pro customer. Please read more on these fees here. Further information about the investment service provided by Revolut Trading Ltd can be found in the Terms of Business, Risk Disclosure, and Invest FAQs.
Revolut Trading Ltd (No. 11567840) is a firm authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FRN: 933846). The registered address of Revolut Trading Ltd is at 30 South Colonnade, London, United Kingdom, E14 5HX.
About us
Banking that goes beyond
We challenge what a bank can be — and how it should work for people.
- 75+ million- personal customers, globally
- 800K+- business customers, globally
- 160+- countries and regions supported
- 30+- countries where we operate as a bank
Building the world's first truly global bank
Our goal is to give people and businesses more control over their money.
From everyday spending and saving to investing and global transfers, we make managing daily finances elegant, borderless, and secure for 75+ million customers worldwide.
Breaking barriers, year after year
Powered by the Dream Team
We're a certified Great Place to Work in 14 countries, continuing to attract top talent. We're always looking for talented and driven people to join our team. Become part of the 10k+ employees worldwide who never settle.
Join usMeet our Board of Directors
Our global leadership team steer the Dream Team. Guided by our Corporate Code and Governance Framework, the Board sets our strategic direction and oversees the day-to-day management of the Group.
Martin Gilbert
Martin Gilbert co-founded Aberdeen Asset Management in 1983, leading the company for 34 years and overseeing its 2017 merger with Standard Life. Until November 2019, he was chairman of the UK’s Prudential Regulation Authority’s Practitioner Panel and was Deputy Chairman of the Board of Sky plc until 2018.
Before this, he was the Chairman of FirstGroup. In 2015, he was ranked no. 22 on the Harvard Business Review’s 900 best-performing CEOs in the world. Martin holds an LLB from the University of Aberdeen and an MA in Accountancy. He qualified as a chartered accountant with Deloitte.
Nik Storonsky
Nik Storonsky launched Revolut in 2015 to transform the way we spend and transfer money abroad. Since then, he’s put Revolut on the path to becoming the world’s first truly global bank, changing the way we do all things money.
Previously an Emerging Markets Equity Derivatives Trader at Credit Suisse and Lehman Brothers, he traded over $2 billion across various options, swaps, and FX instruments.
Named European Banker of the Year 2025, Storonsky holds an M.S. in Applied Physics and Mathematics from the Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology and an MA in Economics from the New Economic School, Moscow. He’s also a keen kite surfer, mountaineer, and championship swimmer.
Vlad Yatsenko
Vlad co-founded the company with Nik Storonsky. His software engineering experience spans several industries, including travel and finance, creating real-time billing systems and booking engines.
After building financial software systems at tier one investment banks, such as UBS and Deutsche Bank, he realised that to deliver a next-generation digital banking service he'd need to build it himself. He holds an M.S. in Computer Science.
Michael Sherwood
Michael is a non-executive director at Revolut and senior director of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. He retired in 2016 as Vice Chairman and co-Chief Executive Officer of Goldman Sachs International. He was also Chair of the Growth Markets Executive Group, co-Chair of the European Management Committee, and Chair of the Partnership Committee.
Michael first joined Goldman Sachs in 1986 and became a partner in 1994. Michael is a member of the Westminster Abbey Campaign Development Board, a sponsor of the Harefield Academy, chairman of Greenhouse Sports, a trustee of Grenada Schools, and former trustee of the Mayor’s Fund for London and the Serpentine Galleries.
Caroline Britton
Caroline Britton chairs Revolut’s Audit Committee. She has 18 years of experience as an Audit Partner at Deloitte and is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales.
Caroline also serves as a non-executive Director and Audit Committee chair at both MoneySupermarket Group and Sirius Real Estate Limited. Since 2012, she's served on the Audit Committee of the Make-a-Wish Foundation International. Caroline holds an MA in Economics from the University of Cambridge.
Ian Wilson
A trained and qualified banker, Ian spent much of his career with Royal Bank of Scotland latterly as Director of Credit, Retail Banking. Subsequent executive roles include Managing Director Business Banking at Santander UK, Chief Risk Officer at GE Money UK, Chief Risk Officer at Tesco Bank, and Strategic Risk Director at Virgin Money.
More recently, Ian has acted as executive Chief Risk Officer for both Charter Court Financial Services and Monzo, in each case helping the business obtain a banking licence and establish a robust risk management framework. Ian is a Chartered Banker and a Fellow and former Vice President of the Institute of Bankers in Scotland, as well as a Fellow of the Institute of Financial Services.
John Sievwright
John Sievwright joined the Revolut Board in July 2021. He had a 20-year career with Merrill Lynch holding global leadership positions, latterly Chief Operating Officer — International. He previously worked in finance and accounting roles at Bankers Trust and Bank of Tokyo International, having begun his career as an auditor at Ernst & Young where he qualified as a Chartered Accountant. While at Merrill Lynch, he was President of the Futures Industry Association.
Mr Sievwright has been a Director of Burford Capital since May 2020 and serves on its Audit and Compensation Committees. He is a former senior independent director (SID) and Chairman of the Audit and Risk Committee at ICAP plc (later NEX Group) and former SID and Chairman of the Audit Committee of FirstGroup plc. He has an MA in Accountancy and Economics from the University of Aberdeen.
Dan Teodosiu
Dan Teodosiu has over 30 years of experience in building and managing engineering and research teams, scaling platforms, as well as developing infrastructure capable of supporting billions of users. During this time, he's held senior positions at Google, Microsoft, and HP Labs. Most recently, Dan acted as CTO of Onfido and, prior to that, as CTO of Criteo, Europe’s largest ad tech company.Donato Lucia
Donato Lucia has been a key member of Revolut’s engineering team for over eight years. Today, Donato helms a global engineering organisation of more than 1,400 employees, overseeing the core platform and leading the build-out of Revolut’s global core banking infrastructure to support customers worldwide. Prior to his tenure at Revolut, he held engineering positions at lastminute.com, IBM, and HP, where he developed deep expertise in high-throughput payments and billing systems.
He holds a Master of Computer Applications (M.C.A.) from Politecnico di Milano.
Global Governance
Revolut operates in accordance with all corporate governance, legal, and regulatory requirements.
We choose to follow the 2024 UK Corporate Governance Code Principles within our Corporate Governance Framework as industry best practise, although we aren't subject to them.
© Revolut Bank UK Ltd 2026
To find out more about which Revolut entity you receive services from, check our corresponding FAQ page. If you have any other questions, reach out to us via the in-app chat in the Revolut app.
Revolut Bank UK Ltd is registered in England and Wales (Registered No. 12871051). Registered address: 30 South Colonnade, London, E14 5HX. Authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority (Financial Services Register No. 981170).
Revolut Ltd is registered in England and Wales (No. 08804411), is authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority to offer e-money and payment services under the Electronic Money Regulations 2011 (FRN: 900562), and is registered with the Financial Conduct Authority to offer cryptocurrency services under the Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Transfer of Funds (Information on the Payer) Regulations 2017. Commodities services are provided by Revolut Ltd and are not regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority.
Investment services are provided by Revolut Trading Ltd (No. 11567840), which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FRN: 933846).
The registered address of Revolut Ltd, Revolut Travel Ltd, and Revolut Trading Ltd is at 30 South Colonnade, London, United Kingdom, E14 5HX. You can read more about our terms and policies here.